# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --build-isolation --allow-unsafe --resolver=backtracking --output-file requirements/dev.txt requirements/dev.in
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   httpx
asgi-lifespan==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autodoc-pydantic==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
babel==2.16.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sphinx-prompt
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   documenteer
coverage==7.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
documenteer==1.0.0a6
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
filelock==3.15.4
    # via virtualenv
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via documenteer
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   respx
identify==2.6.0
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sphinx-prompt
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-redoc
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via sphinxcontrib-redoc
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
latexcodec==3.0.0
    # via pybtex
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via markdown-it-py
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   documenteer
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mypy==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
myst-parser==4.0.0
    # via documenteer
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pydantic==1.10.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   autodoc-pydantic
    #   documenteer
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.12.0
    # via documenteer
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-asyncio==0.23.8
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   documenteer
    #   myst-parser
    #   pre-commit
    #   pybtex
    #   sphinxcontrib-redoc
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   documenteer
    #   sphinx
respx==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   pybtex
    #   sphinxcontrib-redoc
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   anyio
    #   asgi-lifespan
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.0.2
    # via
    #   autodoc-pydantic
    #   documenteer
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-automodapi
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
    #   sphinxcontrib-redoc
    #   sphinxext-opengraph
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==1.22
    # via documenteer
sphinx-automodapi==0.17.0
    # via documenteer
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via documenteer
sphinx-design==0.6.1
    # via documenteer
sphinx-prompt==1.9.0
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.6.2
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==0.9.2
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-redoc==1.6.0
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxext-opengraph==0.9.1
    # via documenteer
types-dateparser==1.2.0.20240420
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240808
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   requests
    #   sphinx-prompt
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via pre-commit
